sup guys Sophie again and today I'm just
bringing you a search-and-destroy
commentary on black ops I would have
spent this first bail because I'm to
Center doing nothing for the first part
of the game and yeah I stopped moving
there I'll just there's another two
parts of our speed up where I die my
score is 17 22 i wrote the m16 um a cock
I really do recommend this guide it
pretty sound stupid but it is a tank of
a gun especially the a coke on it and
this is unbelievable really i personally
i think is a good gumbo there's people
say to Michael how enough can use the
under-16 on this game so I I really
think it's a good gun I do prefer it on
cod for a modern warfare 2 Loper it's
yes still have gone on this game anyway
today I just wanted to talk to you about
my expectations of modern warfare 3 I
know like a load of people have done
this but you know everyone have that has
their different opinions I think I did
do one for black ops for it came out but
with modern warfare modern warfare 3 i'm
not getting his laptop as i was about
black ops because yeah it wasn't very
impressive i think the reason why people
don't like it as much just because they
had such a high pop about it like
everyone was getting so hyper talk about
like oh yeah it's gonna be awesome ah
and it just wasn't what people expected
it to be that's why i think a lot of
people don't like I is not really a fun
game either but you know I think that's
pretty one the main reasons why a lot of
people don't like it because of the
expectations people had for it because
cod for a modern warfare 2 worker games
there a problem modern warfare 2 was the
one man army new tubes painkiller and
the hit markers and all that and
they basically got rid of all that
except for last and they've still got
last down and they made it even worse
well done but I'm really hoping that
modern warfare 3 from what I've seen I
haven't looked into it that much because
I said I don't really wanna get hyped up
that I hyped up about it but what I
think is gonna be like cuz the guns like
pictures of the guns I've seen it looks
a lot like modern warfare 2 and cod4 put
together so I'm hoping it's going to be
something along the lines of that I
haven't really looked any videos I've
seen the teaser for it but that doesn't
really you know explain that much it
just has like different countries and
this is gonna you know be based in like
London and wherever else it was Belgium
Belgium Germany Paris that and where
America was but who knows maybe there is
going to be like certain campaigns or
something but uh I also heard that the
sills like you know the people who cause
sama bin Laden apparently they're going
to be featured in modern warfare 3 like
those actual people but I don't know but
it does seem like it would be kind of a
good game but I'm really not that I
hopped up about it I learnt my lesson
from a black ops from that but yeah
anyway um it was another thing I wanted
to talk to you guys about this is some
this something quick I have been
thinking for the past month or two I
mentioned it in my one of my live
commentaries on my topic commentaries I
want like woman when am I going to like
stop this whole YouTube thing I'm not
but I've been thinking about for a while
because of cod4 called for is is
completely done all the hacking and
everything that was pretty one the best
cards
was the best cod modern warfare 2 is
just full of one man army noob tubes
trick shows like I've got nothing in
straight shot services that when I go
into a lobby I was like oh my god or an
optic whose trick shots like no I'm
sorry but I don't in probably matches
practicing trick shots and in going to a
public match and doing that I don't do
that i'm sorry i was also full of um p
trihard still even the great the game's
been up for nearly like two years and
the only game that's actually not like
completely like fucked over is black ops
is in like from what's happened with cod
for a modern warfare 2 i'm way we're
going to mention world world world wars
is completely out of it it's just that
games have gone completely but it makes
black ops seem fun and it's not and the
YouTube community is just not what it
was it's just just getting worse and
worse like I'm not going to let the
trolls win I'm just considering taking a
break until modern warfare 3 comes out I
don't know if I should do and I want to
you know get out in the summer passed my
driving test go out do some stuff you
know get on with my life get a job but I
am really considering taking a break I'm
gonna think about it for the rest of
this month and then see how i feel and
if i think is the right choice then i'm
going to take a break into a modern
warfare 3 but i will tell you guys
closer to the end of this month but
anyway i hope you guys enjoyed this and
i will see you guys next time bye bye